Update README.md (#4711)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-heartcore/api-documentation/content-management/media/README.md

Media would typically contain an upload field (the `Image` and `File` media types has this by default), which means it is possible to send a file along with the request to create a new media item. This is done by sending a multi-part request with the JSON body and the file. If the media item does not contain a file you can send a regular JSON request to create the media.

{% hint style="info" %}

> Different media types/files e.g. .pdf or .png will require different request body format. The simplest way to verify the JSON structure is to manually upload the media file via the backoffice and then fetch the data it. It can be then used for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different media types/files like `.pdf` or `.png` will require different request body formats. To verify the JSON structure, manually upload the media file via the backoffice and fetch the data. It can then be used for reference.
```
